h2. MuseScore.com API Client Wrapper Library for Java/Android 

h3. Introduction

API Wrapper for MuseScore.com written in Java (not with support for authentication using OAuth yet). Modelled to be exactly like "Google APIs Client Library for Java 1.6":http://code.google.com/p/google-api-java-client/ . It's being used with JSON a lot, but it is fairly abstracted from whatever tech you want to use.

Dependencies are the same as the Google APIs Client Library for Java. One extra dependency is the "general API package from Collectionista":https://code.launchpad.net/~pjv/collectionista/general-api

The best demo for this library is Collectionista, an Android app collection manager with an extension for sheet music, from which it was extracted. Code can be found at "Launchpad":https://code.launchpad.net/collectionista. Have a look at "lp:~pjv/collectionista/sheetmusic":https://code.launchpad.net/~pjv/collectionista/sheetmusic . Then copy net.lp.collectionista.adapters.MuseScoreSheetMusicStore into your project (you'll need to change it a lot or roll your own). This is where you choose the technologies you'll use etc. The using class is net.lp.collectionista.ui.activities.items.sheet.music.MusicSheetItemSearchAddWindow.

If you're new to OAuth I'd recommend to have a look at the "official docs":http://oauth.net and "the last video on using OAuth with Android":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fBcrzA-hWY which says it's basically impossible in 2011.

Got questions or need support? Don't hesitate to contact us!
This library and Collectionista: pjv (ezelspinguin at gmail dot com), Thomas Stockx
MuseScore: Thomas and Lasconic

h3. Getting started

See the wiki page "Getting started":http://wiki.github.com/musescore-com/musescore-api-java-client/getting-started for more information.
